# Jack Bruienne
Hi, my name is Jack Bruienne, and I'm a 17 year old programmer based in Ann Arbor, Michigan. I've been coding since I was 9 years old, with my first and best language being C++. I'm currently a senior at Washtenaw Technical Middle College, which is a high school where students are dual-enrolled at Washtenaw Community College and can earn college credits while still in high school, with the opportunity of achieving up to an Associate's Degree.

I'm also a part of the school's FIRST robotics team, Strange Quarks 6101, where I am the director of programming. Our team was very successful in the past, and we were semifinalists at a regional event in my first year on the team.

Outside of school, I am an active maintainer of many open-source projects. My main project is CraftOS-PC, an 80's-style fantasy terminal application for desktop and mobile that allows users to write their own programs in the Lua language, such as games and various user interfaces. The app emulates the ComputerCraft mod for Minecraft, which has millions of users, and I contribute to it regularly. I also developed an AI for the rhythm platformer Geometry Dash called DashBot, which has been able to beat all of the in-game levels in just a few days. In addition, I've worked on multiple novel projects to reverse-engineer and extract music from various Game Boy Advance and Nintendo DS games. Finally, I've made various smaller utilities that are used by thousands of people: a Python script to decrypt iOS firmware bundles, which is still being used to publish encryption keys to the iPhone Wiki; and PerformanceMeter, a small mod for the VR game Beat Saber that adds a graph of the player's score throughout each level.

The programming languages I am best at now are C++ and Lua. I also have experience with C, JavaScript, Swift, TypeScript, C#, Java, Python, Objective-C, and PHP, plus writing websites in HTML and CSS. I have over five years of experience with Linux, and I've been using it daily for many months, as well as 15 years of Mac experience. I am a very flexible learner, and I can learn any language or topic as required. I'm also a great problem-solver, and I've spent hundreds of hours debugging code. I have a deep understanding of how a computer works, including everything from bare metal, through the operating system to the frontend, and I can work on any part of a system. I am highly proficient in English, and have written plenty of thorough, well-formatted documentation for the code I've written. Finally, I am easy to work with, diligent, and strive for perfection.
